New resource: `azurerm_managed_lustre_file_system_auto_export_job` (#29908)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/managed_lustre_file_system_auto_export_job.html.markdown

  aml_file_system_name = azurerm_managed_lustre_file_system.examle.name
  location             = azurerm_resource_group.example.location

  auto_export_prefixes = ["/"]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `aml_file_system_name` - (Required) The name of the Azure Managed Lustre File System to which this Auto Export Job belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_export_prefixes` - (Required) A list of prefixes that get auto exported to the cluster namespace.

* `admin_status` - (Optional) The administrative status of the Auto Export Job. Possible values are `Enable` and `Disable`. Defaults to `Enable`.

> 

Reviewer: I think we need to also add the `Attributes Reference` here as well, WDYT?

```suggestion

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above - the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job ID.

```

Author: Sure. Will add .

  name                 = "acctest-amlfs-auto-export-job"
  resource_group_name  = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  aml_file_system_name = azurerm_managed_lustre_file_system.examle.name
  location             = azurerm_resource_group.example.location

  auto_export_prefixes = ["/"]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `aml_file_system_name` - (Required) The name of the Azure Managed Lustre File System to which this Auto Export Job belongs. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_export_prefixes` - (Required) A list of prefixes that get auto exported to the cluster namespace.

> * `admin_status_enabled` - (Optional) Whether the administrative status of the Auto Export Job is enabled. Possible values are `true` and `false`. Defaults to `true`.

Author: Will fix.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Azure Managed Lustre File System Auto Export Job ID.

## Timeouts

> The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

Reviewer 2: We've recently updated the timeout reference url, would you mind changing this to

```suggestion
The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/configure#define-operation-timeouts) for certain actions:
```

Author: Will change.
